 Hi guys, my name is Nitish and you're welcome to my YouTube channel. So I'm super happy to announce that I'm playing a new playlist on this channel on a Claude code. I'm pretty sure you've heard about Claude code. Claude is an AI coding tool from Anthropic. Last year I had a tool and in the past one year, this tool has gained popularity that it might be a number one AI coding tool in today's rate. I know a lot of people who use Claude code to develop software in their daily basis. And I think this is going to be an industry standard. Every Claude code or Claude code will use a software to make a software. So I've decided that I'll make a complete playlist on this tool. It's a very fun and powerful tool. And my goal is to show you how to transform your software development workflow. So today's video is about how I'll share the entire introduction of this playlist. So let's start. First of all, let's talk about why I'm starting this playlist. If I give you a one-line answer, it's one-line answer because this is the right time. I use this tool for every project for 3-4 months. And I can share my personal experience with you. When I used to write a code, I used to write it on every line. I used to write it on my whole mind. After Claude code, I started a software development and data scientist. I became a product manager. I have a system-level understanding of what to do. But I'm doing it because of the Claude code. Because of which, my output, my productivity, my 10x, and the quality of the output, I've improved. So this is the same change in the whole world. People are experiencing even businesses. And that is why I know a lot of businesses who are forcing their employees to use Claude code. And this is the next year. You will see that many people will live like this. Which will not use AI coding tools. So if you live behind them, and you use the same traditional way of programming for software build, I'm pretty sure you will leave your competitors behind your peers. And that's why, on this point, it's super important that you learn to work with these tools. You learn to make such workflows where you and your AI coding assistants are building software in the field and that's the purpose of this playlist. I want to show you how you can transform your existing manual workflow into a tool like Claude code and how you can integrate your entire productivity to 10x. That is why I'm starting this playlist. Trust me on this. This is the right time. Maybe a little late, but this, according to me, is the right time to learn this kind of tool. Now I want to clear one thing in this playlist that we are not going to learn a vibe coding in this playlist. First, let me tell you what vibe coding is. I'm pretty sure you will hear this term on social media. But once I clear that what vibe coding is, why we won't learn vibe coding. So vibe coding is a modern software development approach where a person relies heavily on AI, specifically, elements to generate, refine and debug code based on natural language prompts. Simple Shabdum is a technique, non-technical, he gives an AI coding tool to a prompt, that he should use this kind of website and the AI coding tool of the palette generates code, that's the entire website. So this vibe coding is essentially three steps. First of all, what happens is that your user gives a natural language prompt in plain English to create a two-do list website for me. After that, it is prompted by your AI coding tool and your tool palette gives you the whole website code generated. And you test it, whether it is working properly or not. If there is a problem in it, you point out the problem. Let's talk about AI coding tools. They try to fix it. This is a complete job in the loop, until you have to work properly on your website. Now, honestly, vibe coding is not a bad thing. Vibes coding is a very good thing. I have seen a lot of non-technical people from Vibes coding that they are able to create good websites. If you have a good idea for today's rate, then vibe coding helps you convert the idea into a minimum viable product. But the thing is that apart from building MVPs or exploring ideas or making a project in hackathons, you can't use any more vibe coding. Vibes coding essentially can be used in those places where you have lost stakes. If you have a high stakes problem, such as if you have to build scalable systems, you have to make a Google level website where people will use the website daily basis or you have to make a critical infrastructure based software and bank software and insurance software where there is a lot of money on the line. So, in that situation vibe coding is not a very preferred approach to build software. And that is why I have decided that we won't learn vibe coding here. We will learn actual proper AI assisted coding or we can also call it an agent coding because we will use AI agents frequently to build different aspects of our software. So, we won't call it vibe coding in this playlist I will call it AI assisted coding or agent coding because we will do the coding in this way we will code things like this we will build our workflows that you will be able to make a scalable software and will be able to build a critical software. So, we will not learn the hobby level type which we will learn in a real industry. So, I really want to clear this thing here I have set the expectations right. Next, let's discuss one more thing what exactly will be the cover in this playlist I told you that we won't do vibe coding we will do AI assisted coding or agent coding but we will do it I will tell you once So, in this playlist I will teach you an end to end website with the help of Claude code What website do I show you once So, I am going to teach you how to build an expense tracking website So, this is the website I have already made so, this is the landing page of the website Here you have to register and login feature So, here you can register yourself Here you can sign in Once you sign in you will go to your user dashboard Now, you can do a lot of things in this user dashboard First of all, you will see your summary stats You have done a lot of things Overall, you have done a lot of transactions Top category, which you have done a lot of things Then, you will see your full transaction history with all the descriptions Then, we will give you another small analysis about how much you are doing in this category There is one more interesting thing You can filter it from date As if I want to see In the last two months How much you have done I can see it very easily You can see it suddenly Now, you will see In the last two months, I have done so much How much transactions you have done Top category In the transaction history You will see two months In the spending category You will see two months filter After that, you can go and add a new expense Or you can go to an existing expense You can edit it or completely delete it So, we are going to make it I know it seems like a very basic project But this is a very good starting point I don't want to take a lot of complex projects Because, what happens is that you want to go further to develop the features of that website But, here, our goal is to learn Claude code How to make this website from Claude code We learn this How to make the workflow We learn this Once you learn this You will be able to add more features in this website This is my goal in this playlist To teach you to learn Claude code I will show you this website I hope you have cleared this whole thing So, this is the goal To build a complete end to end website And to learn AI-assisted coding workflow In this process, we will learn Agenz sub-agents Because, Claude code gives us this option So, I will show you how to develop your features in parallel You will be able to develop multiple agents We will develop these features And lastly, we will not only make this website locally We will also deploy it in the end In fact, I can show you This is actually deployed on a cloud platform And you can do this with the help of Claude code You have to do a lot of less Claude code in your behalf You can also do deployment You can manage the deployment So, this is a very powerful tool And we are going to cover this playlist So, I really hope you are interested And once you learn this You will be able to make complex projects That is my promise One more question I would like to answer That AI-assisted coding Or, for teaching you to teach Claude code, why are you using it? There are so many other tools Curse is there, wind surface There is an open AI codex And there are some Wipe coding tools Such as Replicate or Lovable So, why did I choose Claude code? Honestly, I have used a lot of tools in the past two years But in my personal experience Claude code is the most powerful AI coding tool Right now And the reason is You can build proper scalable websites It's a serious coding tool I will tell you about its features First of all In Claude code You get raw coding intelligence About the Opus model I will also listen to It is very powerful for coding related tasks So, if you use it You can develop complex Application features Very easily Second In Claude code, the context handling In fact, you get long context Long context window You get very helpful You can provide a lot of long code With a lot of code base You can provide it easily Claude code and the whole context Handles it efficiently That's another reason In developing architecture In refactoring Claude code is superior to other tools In Claude, there are agent capabilities You can do agents in a very easy way For different things You should make agents for testing You should review code You should make agents You should develop three features You should develop a different agent in a parallel So, this is a very powerful feature Claude code And lastly, if I summarize So, Claude code is a tool With which I thought There is a senior software engineer working with me I felt that level of intelligence When I worked with Claude And that is why I want to cover Claude first I am not saying I will not teach you the cursor Or I will not teach you the code But Claude code is going to be the first tool Where we learn how AI assisted coding is So, finally, if I summarize this whole discussion In this playlist, my goal is very simple In fact, there are three goals The first goal is to give you a flavor of AI assisted coding Many people come here with big numbers And they have learned coding And they are doing it manually But the world is changing And we will have to learn this change So, I want to show you How you can get the AI to learn the software And build the software from AI And build the software from AI That is the first goal of this playlist The second is, I would like to teach you The fundamentals of Claude code Because going forward, this is the most powerful tool To become a tool The industry adoption is the most important So, you can learn how to scale In the future, recruiters can't demand And you can't work with Claude code So, I want you to write this in your resume And third I want to end this fear from inside I want to share a message About daily basis What will be the job All these tools will be done So, what will be our role back So, I am showing you a lot of fear In my students, I want to reduce that fear My simple philosophy Horror movies you all will see So, you have noticed something It is a human psychology That, until the ghost is shown in movies It is hidden or it is scared Till then, you are scared of the ghost But, at the moment, the ghost is the one Who is the ghost? What is the past story? You have to notice that you are scared of the ghost It is a human psychology We are always scared of unknown So, now, if you have an AI coding AI assisted coding is unknown So, you are probably scared of the ghost But, if you do this yourself And, you make it your daily life part So, you will be a little more educated And, you will be scared of the ghost And, you will not rely on other opinions You will be able to create your own opinions And, you will be a very big goal And, I want to achieve this in my playlist By the end of this playlist If you talk about target audience If you are a software developer Or, you are a professional Or, you are a professional A scientist, a analyst, a data engineer You can see all of this playlist Because, you can help in daily life And, if you are a student Who is going to graduate from college And, you are going to go to the job hunting So, you should learn this tool Obviously, I would suggest Before you learn the fundamental of coding When you master the fundamentals of coding Then, use the tools like the keyboard Like the tools you use But, again, in target audience These two types of people Are the target audience of this playlist I will answer them quickly What are the prerequisites So, the website that we will show you In this playlist We will use the website To make it Python and Flask as back end And, HTML CSS as front end So, this is what you should know Python Flask, basic HTML CSS Flavor you should know And, get and get you Because, in this entire website In the process of development Get and get up Will use extensively So, if you don't have the experience of get and get up Then, you can be very worried In this entire playlist So, please make sure Before starting this playlist You can take a crash course On our website And, on our YouTube channel You will get a lot of resources Last week, before finishing the video I would just like to make this promise That, through this playlist I will simplify the keyboard code And, if you cover the playlist completely Completely, completely So, you will be comfortable with the keyboard code And, you will be able to make easy to medium-level websites Very easily And, the fear inside you Will end So, I have planned this playlist After finishing the video, I will put a video Where, I will tell you I will share my opinion About the software development But, we will do it in the last So, in this entire playlist Around 15 videos From 15 to 20 videos And, I will try to wrap this playlist In 1.5 months And, that is the goal I really hope you are excited I am very excited And, I am very excited And, I am going to do a lot of fun with this So, if you like this video Or, if you like this playlist Please like this video If you have not subscribed to this channel Please do subscribe And, if you want to learn the keyboard code of your friend Please share this video with him See you in the next video Bye